---
title: "Hi, I'm Francesco \U0001F44B"
order: 1
---

<p>I am a Software Engineer with an ever-evolving path, driven by curiosity and the desire to achieve more and more ambitious goals. My experience is mainly in back-end development, where I have worked on complex projects, with a special focus on performance, security, and scalable and efficient solutions.</p><p>I have contributed to the development of complex software solutions, working on both microservices architectures. My activities have ranged from query optimization to integration of caching systems, with the goal of improving application performance and scalability. In addition, I have had experience on large-scale projects with high traffic volume, dealing with challenges related to concurrency management and systems efficiency. This path has allowed me to hone technical skills on technologies such as Java, Spring Boot, SQL, Docker, Redis, Python and Git as well as develop strong problem solving skills.</p><p>For me, software development is more than a job: it is a passion that drives me to constantly challenge myself.I enjoy collaborating with the team, sharing ideas and tackling challenges together, always with the goal of creating clean, maintainable and scalable code.Adopting practices such as code review and automated testing is part of my approach to ensure quality and reliability in projects.</p><p>I am constantly engaged in learning more about new technologies and topics, with the goal of increasing my knowledge and skills.</p><p>Outside of work, I am a curious guy. I love billiards, movies and TV series, and I have played different sports such as: soccer, swimming, table tennis,... I now regularly attend the gym. I like animals, especially dogs, and in the past I also cultivated a passion for music, playing guitar.</p><p>When I am not busy writing code, I dedicate myself to studying and improving my skills, exploring new projects. I believe that curiosity and willingness to learn are the key to growing, both professionally and personally.</p>
